!!! need to figure out datetime parsing if links are present?

Add events from any channel with !event command
	Allow strict formatting (event title @ event time - event description) 
		allow extra flags to designate an event as requiring early rsvps or events that are a long time away from today's date?
	Allow loose formatting (tries to parse date/time from message, title is "event", and description is just the stuff after !event
	
	
Actual event posts in #events channel
	Bottom of channel has 2 sections:
		Events today - shows a list of event (titles) today with time, should link to the full event message
		New events - events that were created today (regardless of start time)
		Upcoming big events? - shows events flagged as "big" events (like camping that was said in a month or something?)
	rest of channel has events sorted in order of occurance

Edit events by editing the original message
Delete events by deleting the original message (or maybe add a trash can react that the owner can use?)
Remind RSVPed people by the host reacting to the event?
	send dm to all rsvped?

All event creation/editing/deletion are synced with google calendar?

top level bots/client has:
	list/dict of calendars, one calendar per guild
	pass updates for each guild to their specific calendar
	
server/guild calendar objects have:
	containing guild
	event list/dict?
	methods for adding/updating/deleting events

event objects have:
	properties:
		containing calendar
		title
		time
		description
		event host
		event message object (the actual event text-message object in the events channel)
		creation message object (the original message that created the event)
		rsvp users
		has event text channel been created?
		events channel link?
		
	methods:
		constructor for initializing from command message
		constructor for initializing from embed

Create task that runs every x time (30 minutes?)
	see if an event is coming up and remind users?
	archive any events that are more than 24 hours after their start time
	

Discord bot/client eventreactions
on start:
	check all guilds, for each guild:
		scan events channel and initialize event dictionary
		verify events original posts (in case messages that an event is linked to gets deleted?)

on new event command:
	see if it's a "loose" syntax event or "strict" syntax:
		if loose:
			title is set to "Event"
			time is parsed from message
			description is just the message after the !event command
		if strict (!event event title - event time - event description)
			title is text before the first -
			time is parsed from the text between the 1st - and the 2nd -
			description is pulled from after the 2nd -
	create event object
	post event embed and reorganize events?

on edit message
	see if editted message is linked to an event
		if yes, update event
on delete message
	see if deleted message is linked to an event
		if yes, delete event
on react added:
	see if reaction is to an event
		if yes, check to see the type of reaction:
			an RSVP reaction
				if yes, add to events rsvp list
					if events text channel created, add user to events channel access
			a create-text-channel reaction:
				if yes, create a new text channel, add it to the appropriate category, and add all RSVPed users to the channel. maybe @mention all added users?
			a remind-users reaction:
				DM all RSVPed users a reminder about the event, remove reaction afterwards?
on react removed:
	see if reaction was to an event
		if yes, check the type of reaction:
			a RSVP reaction:
				if yes, remove from events rsvp list
					if events text channel created, remove user from events channel access
			a create-text-channel reaction:
				if yes, delete text channel? or DM user to make sure they want to delete it?
			
			
			